{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}}
\fs24
\b Loom App Review\b0\par
\par
\b Review Login\b0\par
Provide the active App Review demo account credentials only in App Store Connect App Review Information.\par
Do not store live credentials in this repository.\par
\par
\b Sign-In Steps\b0\par
1. Open the app.\par
2. Tap Continue with more options.\par
3. Tap Email sign in.\par
4. Enter the review account credentials from App Store Connect.\par
\par
\b What To Expect\b0\par
- The shipping build supports one disclosed demo account: `demo@loomlife.us`.\par
- That account uses the standard email/password sign-in flow and launches into a locally seeded isolated demo workspace with stable sample data.\par
- After sign-in, Loom may briefly show the standard Loom splash while the local demo workspace finishes preparing.\par
- The disclosed `demo@loomlife.us` account opens with seeded data and bypasses first-run setup screens so App Review can quickly verify the full app.\par
- No remote review-mode toggles, Firebase demo provisioning, hidden reset controls, or backend-driven demo-plan overrides are included in the shipped build.\par
- Subscription options remain available in-app through the normal account and paywall screens.\par
- Optional permissions such as Health, Reminders, Camera, Photos, and Notifications are not required for initial review.\par
- The Share into Loom extension can be reviewed separately from the iOS Share Sheet using standard shared text, links, images, videos, or files.\par
\par
\b Account Management\b0\par
- Delete Account is available in Account.\par
- Subscription management opens Apple's native subscription management flow.\par
- Deleting the Loom account does not automatically cancel Apple subscriptions.\par
}
